Updated the Scavenge tutorial to v0.17 (#751)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: scavenge/tutorial/03-scaffolding.md

---
order: 3
---

# Scaffolding

We'll be using a CLI tool called [Starport](https://github.com/tendermint/starport) to create a new Cosmos SDK blockchain. To use `starport` [install it](https://docs.starport.network/intro/install.html) on your local machine:

```
curl https://get.starport.network/starport@v0.17.0! | bash
```

> Scaffold anew Cosmos SDK blockchain using the `starport scaffold chain` command. The command accepts one argument: the Go module path that will be used for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaffold a new Cosmos SDK blockchain using the `starport scaffold chain` command. The command accepts one argument: the Go module path that will be used for the project.
```

By default a chain is scaffolded with a new empty Cosmos SDK module. Use the `--no-module` flag to skip module scaffolding.

```
starport scaffold chain github.com/cosmonaut/scavenge --no-module
```

This command created a new directory `scavenge` with a brand new Cosmos SDK blockchain. This blockchain doesn't have any application-specific logic yet, but it imports standard Cosmos SDK modules, such as `auth`, `bank`, `mint` and others.

Change the current directory to `scavenge`:

```
cd scavenge
```

Inside the project directory you can execute other Starport commands to start a blockchain node, scaffold modules, messages, types, generate code, and much more.

> In a Cosmos SDK blockchain application-specific logic is implemented in separate modules. This keeps code easy to understand and reuse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a Cosmos SDK blockchain, application-specific logic is implemented in separate modules. Using modules keeps code easy to understand and reuse.
```

Reviewer: the ever-present "unclear reference" is one of our favorite grammar challenges, wdyt about "Using modules" to describe what "this" is?

Scaffold a new module called `scavenge`. Based on our design the `scavenge` module will be sending tokens between participants. Sending tokens is implemented in the standard `bank` module. Specify `bank` as a dependency using the optional `--dep` flag.

```

> starport scaffold module scavenge --dep bank

Reviewer 2: I haven't checked in the tutorial but FYI the `--dep` flag will "inject" the bank keeper in the scavenge keeper but you still need to specify the methods you need from bank in `types/expected_keeper.go` so we must specify this if it's not the case

Author: Yep! I mentioned it a bit later:

https://github.com/cosmos/sdk-tutorials/pull/751/files#diff-f32c80c9619ee1123ea6edf4db4412f6f55e95d1feda983b54885741534bd655R62-R65
